---
name: Patricia A. Murray
role: Chief Dream Director, Detroit 
portait: none
layout: plain
---

People who teach are special individuals.  People who teach you how to fulfill your dreams are exceptional individuals.  Patricia knew her purpose in life was to be one of those exceptional individuals who knew how to reach people and help them succeed.Her birth name is Patricia, but her friends call her Pat.  Her dearest and most intimate friends call her Patty. She was born and raised in Detroit and attended Detroit Public Schools, along with her twin and her older sister. She received a high school diploma from Cass Technical High School, a bachelor degree in Mass Communication from Western Michigan University, and a master’s degree in Educational Leadership from Wayne State University.Pat’s first teaching position provided her with a rich and fulfilling year-long experience in Tokushima, Japan. She always dreamed of traveling abroad. The exposure broadened her outlook on the world and made her a dream chaser. She travelled on to Europe, Africa, Mexico and many of the Caribbean Islands. She always wanted to give back to her city and state, so she taught in the classroom for 16 years and went on to become a Department Head, Assistant Principal, Assistant Superintendent, Executive Director, and Principal in various districts in the state of Michigan.She was blessed to have been married for 22 yrs and she has 3 incredible humans who are her children.Her dream and blessings continue, as she is now the Chief Dream Director for the 313 Detroit Future Project Team and she looks forward to a successful year.